README
    This file provides a quick overview of the files in this directory, and is
    bound to be out of date.  The following applications are built:

    fa-archiver
        Saves FA sniffer data to an archive and provides a socket interface for
        retrieval of the archived data.

    fa-prepare
        Used to prepare the archive data area before running fa-archiver.

    fa-capture
        Connects to a running archive and captures live or historical data.

    python/fa-viewer.py
        Displays live FA data graphically


Make files etc:
---------------

makefile
    This is the makefile invoked in response to running `make`.  This is used to
    ensure that all of the files built by this project are built out of tree in
    build subdirectory.

Makefile
    The main makefile, invoked with working directory set to ./build and with
    VPATH set to .

build
    Build directory.  This can safely be deleted.


Top level application files:
----------------------------

archiver.c archiver.h
    This is the main application, the FA sniffer archiver.

capture.c
    Captures a continuous stream of sniffer data to a file.

prepare.c
    Prepares a file or volume for use as an FA sniffer archive.


Supporting libraries:
---------------------

buffer.c buffer.h
    Circular in-memory buffer supporting one writer (sniffer) and multiple
    readers (disk_writer, socket_server).

disk.c disk.h
    Defines on disk storage.  Some of this is a relic of the obsolete facility
    for reading archive data directly from the disk.

disk_writer.c disk_writer.h
    Write archiver data directly to disk.

error.c error.h
    Common error handling macros and assocated support functions.

list.h
    Some double link list macros and inline functions derived from the kernel.

locking.c locking.h
    Simple wrappers of pthread locking routines.

mask.c mask.h
    Support routines for handling subsets of sniffer frames, and a sensible
    place for other supporting routines.

matlab.c matlab.h
    Implements writing Matlab header to data stream.

parse.c parse.h
    String parsing routines.

reader.c reader.h
    Implements read access to the FA archive.

sniffer.c sniffer.h
    Capture of sniffer data from the FA sniffer device.

socket_server.c socket_server.h
    Interface to FA sniffer clients.

transform.c transform.h
    Processing of data read from sniffer device, reshapes data on its way to the
    archive file.


To do
-----

* Implement separate archive for decimated data so that this can be read out at
  a sensible pace.
